and all the congregation of the children
of Israel set out on their journey from
the wilderness of sin according to the
commandment of the Lord and camped in
residen but there was no water for the
people to drink therefore the people
contended with Moses give us water that
we may drink
why do you contend with me
why do you tempt the Lord and the people
festive therefore water and the people
complained against Moses why is it you
have brought us up out of Egypt to kill
us and our children and our livestock
with thirst
so Moses cried out to the Lord what
shall I do with this people they are
almost ready to stone go on before the
people and take with you some of the
elders of Israel also taking your hand
your rod with which you struck the river
and go
behold I will stand before you there on
the rock in Horeb and you shall strike
the rock and water will come out of it
that the people may drink and Moses did
so in the sight of the elders of Israel
so he called the name of the place masa
and may River because of the contention
of the children of Israel and because
they tempted the Lord saying is the Lord
among us or not
now Amalek came and fought with Israel
in RIF at him and Moses said to Joshua
Jews are some men and go out fight with
a Mallick tomorrow I will stand on the
top of the hill with the rod of God in
my hand
so Joshua did it as Moses said to him he
fought with Emily Moses Aaron and her
went up to the top of the hill and so it
was when Moses held up his hand that
Israel prevailed and when he let down
his hand
Amalie prevailed but Moses hands became
heavy so they took a stone and put it
under him and he said Aaron and Hur
supported his hands one on one side and
the other on the other side and his
hands were steady until the going down
of the Sun so Joshua defeated emilich
and his people with the edge of the
sword when the Lord said to Moses write
this for a memorial in the book and
recounted in the hearing of Joshua that
I will utterly blot out the remembrance
of Amalek from under heaven and Moses
built an altar and called its name the
Lord is my banner for he said because
the Lord has sworn the Lord will have
war with Amalek from generation to
generation
you